<p><i><u>Chapter III: Faith</u></i><p>
<p align="right"><i>Page 32</i></p>

The next morning I wake up. I need to go to the bathroom.
But how? I'm bed-rested right now. Okay no come to think of
it, all this time when I was in coma, who cleaned all my
uh.. things?

I don't know where the toilet is. I'll need some help going
there too as my body is tired.

I would've asked the guy beside me about where the toilet is
but he's sleeping and snoring like an old man in his diapers
right now.

I got no choice but to click the emergency button. I take my
chance and click the button and I hear a ting. Looks like
the guy reconnected the wires back in.

I hope a hot lady nurse will come and will take me to the
bathroom. This is every degenerate incels' dream and I'm
proud to be one.

I could hear the footsteps of someone coming. It's a nurse.
Not as hot or cute as I imagined but will do. Although she
has this grumpy look at me as if I'm staring at her breasts
which I totally am. Haven't seen porn for the last few
months, the hell am I supposed to do!

"What do you need?"

"I need to go to the toilet. Can you take me there?'

"You're not supposed to get out of bed in this condition"

then she kicked out a small bucket from under my bed and
then said,

"You can do your stuff in this. You don't have to worry
about anyone watching you. There's a reason we put a curtain
between the units."

Holy shit she's grumpy as fuck. Typical women. I guess I'll
have to make do with this. As I was doing my thing, only a
few moments passed by and then the curtain beside me got
pulled, the dude was about to say something until he saw me
pooping.

"WRONG TIME SORRY!" the dude rushed into his unit closing
the curtain. Holy shit he must've been disgusted by this. I
don't know how the hell I'm gonna show my face after this.

Curse you bloody nurse!

<p align="center">
    <i>
        <a href="vol_1_page_31.html">prev</a>
        <a href="./index.html">index</a>
        <a href="vol_1_page_33.html">next</a>
    </i>
</p>
