<p><i><u>Chapter II: Humanity</u></i><p>
<p align="right"><i>Page 21</i></p>

When I was a very young kid, I had a lot of friends. Most of
them were nice, although a few were bullies. That's normal
for all schools.

One day, the teacher said we will have a surprise excursion
to visit a museum. It would be boring now but as a kid, our
curiosity always got us interested.

The country was in a state of anarchy at that time. There
would be tons of terrorist attacks all over the place but at
here in Gomopuri, it was very peaceful and no one expected
any attacks.

A fat bully at school that day lied something about me to
the teacher that she got so mad, she didn't take me to the
excursion. I came home crying to my mom and my dad, they
tried to comfort me but something unjust as that is so
cruel.

That day after lunch, I sat on the dining table day dreaming
about how I want the teacher and the bully to be impaled on
a stick like vampires in the recent Dracula movie. I thought
I was just daydreaming until my mom heard a call from
school, the museum was attacked by a terror group known as
Anarcula and they impale hostages before killing themselves
in a suicide attack.

My mom turned on the TV and there I saw, my teacher and the
bully.. Impaled on a long iron pillar, their blood slowly
dripping off from their dead cold bodies. My mom changed the
channel immediately but that image will remain forever in my
mind.

<p align="center">
    <i>
        <a href="vol_1_page_20.html">prev</a>
        <a href="./index.html">index</a>
        <a href="vol_1_page_22.html">next</a>
    </i>
</p>
