<p><i><u>Chapter I: Dreams</u></i><p>
<p align="right"><i>Page 7</i></p>

The scream came from the room left to ours and it was the
scream of a woman. This could only mean, something happened
to Sarah!

Sarah Zaman is a half-Bengali half-American friend of
ours. She lived a bit of her life in Bangladesh and most of
her life in the States. But since her parents spoke in
Bengali to her most of the time, she could speak Bengali
fluently.

We rushed to her room, kicked the door open and then found
her on the floor, with blood spilling out. She was in pain
and agony. The scene was shocking. She was crying miserably
and yet I couldn't get myself to feel anything for her. My
friend rushes to her, pulls her up to her bed and found a
long cut on her waist.

"What happened?! Who did this to you?" my friend yelled at
her.

She kept crying. Yelling like this will never help, I told
him to get towels and water and I'll call the ambulance. I
put her head on my lap and I wrapped my hands around her,
hoping this will give her some form of comfort. I called the
ambulance and the University clinic, they said they will
arrive soon. I'm panicking right now, I can't keep my head
straight. Oh God, why is this happening?

"Rashed?! Why are you taking so long! Get a towel here quickly!"
I yelled to my friend.

No response.

<p align="center">
    <i>
        <a href="vol_1_page_6.html">prev</a>
        <a href="./index.html">index</a>
        <a href="vol_1_page_8.html">next</a>
    </i>
</p>
